So just like the name says STEM, science technology engineering and math,
your math classes and your science classes are the best indicators
of whether you fit in. You might not be using the math, for instance
calculus all the time, and you might not be using the complex calculus
or the science that you see in your job. However there's a logic
that's associated with it. There's a logic between doing the homework
assignment seeing the question, knowing the answer, having seen
the way to solve the problem before, and you have this new question
and you have to like solve it a certain way. So that is very very
general. I just mention the math problem to you, but programming has
the same thing, trying to figure out a new mechanical solution to a
mechanical problem has the same line of thinking. So it's not just
numbers, but it's the way that you solve problems, and if you got As,
maybe even Bs in those classes, then you might be interested in STEM
classes later, or STEM jobs later. If you are just so so in those
classes, I would suggest that you try to take them over again, you
do some personal learning on your own, and if you just isn't clicking
with you then STEM might not be the best option for you.